#labels Phase-Requirements
Still in the planning stages, this list may be changed alot so keep up-to-date

*Code*
----


New Weapons: 


Double Barreled Shotgun
http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTOogjhBmVw4pyiS-slmONx3KEnwTbap8zVzVDKQx6Em-hWwWw&t=1&usg=__Z77athA9JeV7AS1R4JkCE3w-LPM=
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ithaca_Auto_%26_Burglar


Hunting rifle
either
Lee enfield Mk1 no 3* or no 4 in .303 british
http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQJd0yQg2ix4LxgMvjPcwgheULPswRpI2U3OLlR2JTSDCHgrnI&t=1&usg=__YpNCBm8SMa7zB-vD5kiMjkV54aU=
or
Springfield M1903 .30-06
http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcThDxjMbajIwaS_mzJKMHzG7XMzMVavIEWrxmE6MLLppLzU9EA&t=1&usg=__GH6ij76EP8hWfWqweXCfOt9SVYw=
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M1903_Springfield_rifle

Lever action bear gun.
Chambered in .45-70 400gr projectiles.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winchester_Rifle#Winchester_Model_1886

Pistol.
M1911 in .45 ACP
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M1911
And
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smith_and_Wesson_Model_29

Iron sights & scopes - Maybe Dynamic

Random zombie material - Easy

Remove Headcrabs from the npc_zombies - Heaps of tutorials on this

New Npc's:


-Bear

-Zombie Bear

-Zombie Rabbits?


May need a more aggressive system to dull out ai for the npc's.
-eg, after 20m, zombies ai goes to sleep, after 50m zombies ai is almost non-existant? also might have to edit there sound.

Introduce Inventory - Resident Evil style

----

<br><br><br>

*Models*
----


Nature models

-Trees

-Rocks

-Logs


Weapon Models - may use some out of css although they are kinda not what were looking for.

- Winchester, Double Barreled Shotgun

- Hunting rifle - Wooden stock


----
<br><br><br>


*Maps*
----


Base Map
10-20 houses/cabins/cotages

The Mill

----

<br><br><br>

*Materials/Art*
----


Finish off Main Menu Background image
----
<br><br><br>
*Other*
----


Dev Blog
Development discusion board.

----